Editorial updates to aria-controls content (#23960)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/attributes/aria-controls/index.md

## Description

When an interactive widget or element, be it a combobox, tab, button, etc., is used to adjust or modify another element or component in a document or application, the `aria-controls` attribute can be used to programmatically associate the corresponding element or elements the controlling element. The `aria-controls` attribute identifies the element (or elements) whose contents or presence are controlled by the element on which the attribute is set, regardless of what type of interaction initiates the impacted behavior.

A [combobox](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/combobox_role) element has `aria-controls` set to a value that refers to the element that serves as the popup. The `aria-controls` only needs to be set when the popup is visible, but it is valid and easier to program to reference an element that is not visible.

Other examples of controls include:

> - A the button parts of an accordion widget which toggle the visibility of their associated panel content. Each button may have an `aria-controls` specified, referencing the ID of the element containing the content associated with the invoking control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The button parts of an accordion widget that toggle the visibility of their associated panel content. Each button may have an `aria-controls` specified, referencing the ID of the element containing the content associated with the invoking control.
```

> - An element with a role of [scrollbar](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/scrollbar_role): the scrollbar requires an `aria-controls` attribute referencing the ID of the element it controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An element with a role of [`scrollbar`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/scrollbar_role): the scrollbar requires an `aria-controls` attribute referencing the ID of the element it controls.
```

> - A group of tabs that each display a different tabpanels: each element with [`role="tab"`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tab_role) has an `aria-controls` attribute referencing its associated [`tabpanel`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tabpanel_role).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A group of tabs that each display a different tab panel: each element with [`role="tab"`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tab_role) has an `aria-controls` attribute referencing its associated [`tabpanel`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tabpanel_role).
```
